"  The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are.  " - John C. Maxwell
"  The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.  " - Ralph Nader
"  Great leaders are willing to sacrifice their own personal interests for the good of the team.  " - John Wooden
"  A good manager is a man who isn't worried about his own career but the careers of those who work for him.  " - H. S. M. Burns
"  Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. " - Peter Drucker
"  Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.  " - Winston S. Churchill
"  Leadership is not about being in charge. It's about taking care of those in your charge. " - Simon Sinek
"  The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.  " - Ronald Reagan
"  The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.  " - Theodore Roosevelt
"  Don't be intimidated by what you don't know. That can be your greatest strength and ensure that you do things differently from everyone else.  " - Sara Blakely
"  Believe you can and you're halfway there.  " - Theodore Roosevelt
"  Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.  " - Steve Jobs
"  The only way to do great work is to love what you do.  " - Steve Jobs
"  Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.  " - Winston Churchill
"  Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.  " - Sam Levenson
"  Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.  " - Winston Churchill
"  Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. " - Steve Jobs
"  The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. " - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"  The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.  " - Vince Lombardi
"  The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.  " - Eleanor Roosevelt


